Patterns restructure (avoid Match/path mode terminology outside Reference section) (#1526)
neo4j/docs-cypher: modules/ROOT/pages/patterns/unique-relationship-matching.adoc

image::match-modes-graph.svg[Graph showing the seven bridges of Königsberg, width=600, role=popup]

To recreate the graph, run the following query against an empty Neo4j database:

[source, cypher, role=test-setup]
----
CREATE (kneiphof:Location {name: "Kneiphof"}),
       (northBank:Location {name: "North Bank"}),
       (southBank:Location {name: "South Bank"}),
       (lomse:Location {name: "Lomse"}),

       (kneiphof)-[:BRIDGE {id: 1}]->(northBank),
       (kneiphof)-[:BRIDGE {id: 6}]->(southBank),
       (kneiphof)-[:BRIDGE {id: 7}]->(lomse),
       (northBank)-[:BRIDGE {id: 5}]->(kneiphof),
       (northBank)-[:BRIDGE {id: 2}]->(lomse),
       (southBank)-[:BRIDGE {id: 4}]->(kneiphof),
       (southBank)-[:BRIDGE {id: 3}]->(lomse)
----

[[default-traversal-rules-and-konigsberg-bridges-problem]]

> == Cypher's default traversal rules and the Köningsberg bridges problem

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Cypher's default traversal rules and the Königsberg bridges problem
```

| 48
| ["Kneiphof", "North Bank", "Kneiphof", "South Bank", "Kneiphof", "Lomse", "North Bank"]
| [1, 5, 6, 4, 7, 2]

3+d|Rows: 1
|===

image::different-relationships-graph.svg[Graph showing all but one of the seven bridges of Königsberg traversed, width=500, role=popup]
_In the `samplePath` with a length of `6` returned by `DIFFERENT RELATIONSHIPS`, all bridges are traversed except for bridge `3`._

However, if the relationship count is increased to `7`, `0` paths are returned.

.Find paths with a length of 7 relationships
// tag::patterns_match_modes_different_relationships[]
[source, cypher]
----
MATCH p = (:Location {name: 'Kneiphof'})--{7}()
RETURN count(p) AS pathCount
----
// end::patterns_match_modes_different_relationships[]

.Result
[role="queryresult",options="header,footer",cols="1*<m"]
|===
| pathCount

| 0

1+d|Rows: 1
|===

Using Cypher's default `MATCH` behavior, each step must use a unique bridge.
After the first step, one bridge is used, leaving six remaining bridges to be used in the subsequent steps.
After the sixth bridge is traversed, a seventh step would require re-traversing a bridge, which is not allowed. 

> This reflects the conclusion of Euler’s Seven bridges of Königsberg problem: the impossibility of crossing each bridge exactly once in a single walk.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This reflects the conclusion of Euler's Seven bridges of Königsberg problem: the impossibility of crossing each bridge exactly once in a single walk.
```

> For more information about this Cypher's default `MATCH` behavior, see xref:patterns/reference.adoc#match-modes-rules-different-relationships[Syntax & semantics -> Match modes].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information about Cypher's default `MATCH` behavior, see xref:patterns/reference.adoc#match-modes-rules-different-relationships[Syntax & semantics -> Match modes].
```

[[non-default-match-behavior]]
== Non-default `MATCH` behavior

Cypher's default `MATCH` behavior is applicable to most use cases.

> It is, however, possible to alter how paths are traversed to solve specific problems, either by removing the constraint to re-traverse relationships using `REPEATABLE ELEMENTS` or by not allowing the re-traversal of nodes in the same path with the `ACYCLIC` keyword.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is, however, possible to alter how paths are traversed to solve specific problems, either by permitting re-traversal of relationships using `REPEATABLE ELEMENTS` or by not allowing the re-traversal of nodes in the same path with the `ACYCLIC` keyword.
```
Easier to grasp?
